In the previous video, we already add 1 new router
to the topology.
Next in this video we are going to configure bgp so pc 1, pc 2, and pc 3 will able to communicate each others. Let’s just start.
Let’s configure on router 2 first.
Router bgp 2, remember that 2 is the
autonomous system number of router 2,
Here we need to add one neighbor, which
is router 3, so here neighbor
and then the ip address of router 3, which is 10.10.10.6,
and then router 3 is in autonomous system 3,
so here remote-as 3.
Let’s also advertise the new connected network,
network 10.10.10.4 mask 255.255.255.252
Okay now we have done configuring bgp on
router 2. Next let’s configure bgp on router 3.
Router bgp 3, this is means that
router 3 is in autonomous system 3.
Next let’s define the neighbor,
in this case router 3 will have 1 neighbor, which
is router 2, so neighbor 10.10.10.5 remote-as 2
Okay here we can see a message that the
bgp between router 2 and router 3 is up.
Next let’s advertise the connected network,
network 10.10.10.4 mask 255.255.255.252,
let’s also advertise the network that connected
to pc 3, so network 192.168.3.0 mask 255.255.255.0.
Okay now we have done configuring
bgp on router 2 and router 3.
Let’s see the routing table on router1,
enable, show ip route, here we can see
that now router 1 have a route to pc 3,
and the label is B, this is means BGP.
Let’s also check on router 3, do show ip route,
here we can see that we have route to
pc 1 and pc 2, and the label is also B.
Okay, so now pc 1, pc 2, and pc 3 should be able to
communicate each others. Let’s try, pc 1 to pc 3,
failed, test again, here success.
Let’s check from pc 2 to pc 3,
okay this is also success.
Okay so now we have done
configuring BGP on 3 router.
I think enough for this video
Thankyou for watching and see you on the next video.